OSDOCS-17110 CQA for Microshift (#106151)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_install_rpm/microshift-uninstall-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-uninstall-rpm"]
= Uninstalling {microshift-short}

> include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]

Reviewer: this isn't reverted but it looks like the heading is rendering anyway?

<img width="631" height="130" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6bcff0b2-bb2d-46f2-beaa-193ff10c2d1d" />

> include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: yeah it tends to not show until published (I do have some experience here lol)

:context: microshift-uninstall-rpm

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Uninstall {microshift-short} to remove the software from your system. You must run the `microshift-cleanup-data` script to delete all data and configuration files before you remove the packages.

Author: I reverted to the original one. You are right that what I put in there changed the meaning of the sentence.

[id="microshift-uninstall-rpm"]
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
= Uninstalling {microshift-short}

:context: microshift-uninstall-rpm

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you uninstall {microshift-short}, clean up all the MicroShift data and configuration by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you want to uninstall {microshift-short} RPMs, you must take specific steps to remove the data from your host.
```
I think Jeana is looking for something more like this.
When a user is installing RPMs, it is usually for development of the node and applications on a local machine. When MIcroShift is deployed to the field, it is usually placed in a RHEL image. So the inference is that the developer is uninstalling MicroShift for whatever reason.

Author: Done
